hey guys it's fine level here from the
Mockingjay 1298 and I went to EB Games
Day and I picked up the new tom clancy's
ghost recon future soldier collector's
edition been waiting on this game for a
long time as you all know if you've been
following my channel but thought i'd do
an unboxing I thought an unboxing gonna
be pretty cool so yeah let's get into it
I'll just take this wrapping off you go
be able to see it better once I get this
wrapping on so it's got the little
sleeve that everything that's on it
right here don't need that right now you
got the pretty cool d calls on the back
it's a person right there if you can see
it just but you turn it around you got
the that Ghost Recon emblem right here
right there the skull that's the sky and
then I p you got the little deer calls
above the but the name so yeah pretty
cool box pretty pretty good i Hadi think
about it I'll just get inside the
contents now let me just try and get
yourself a tight fit I don't I got this
God opening the box has never been so
hard okay here we go in dear that's the
lid so you got the t-shirt it's in here
that's a t-shirt I'll show you that in a
minute that's pretty cool guess right
now put that over here next I've got the
the art book which i think is pretty
cool I'll just flick through it you got
the always like the art books and was
showing or something we creators yup
they do whoo that's just awesome the way
that they do that okay so that's over
there next is the steelcase game the
steelcase game so that right there the
inside its got the latter graphs to come
with it and all those are my cards would
not show you them but uh it's got the
the different life the grassy got that
that one the person stand there got the
other sort of person standing there
that's them so I'll just got your arm
again you know downloadable content
there we've put that back in keep the
life of graphs out for now and then you
got the game ready should add the movie
inside it so pretty pretty good be good
there do good quality so yeah I'll snack
it all up for you ready
yeah so that's everything stacked up so
you got your box up the back then you
got your art book right there with your
t-shirt yeah metal case and you ghost
recon future soldier game and in the in
the box I found the movie that one
wasn't looking before and I haven't
opened that yet because I'm going to
open that and put some gameplay up
hopefully later so here's your life the
graphs you the left graphs are you two
guys and then you go on the plane flying
then you got your two downloadable
content one is a m4 Oh a5 available for
go scout and extra equipment and the
other one is this one is the MN 91 over
30 and some more extra equipment so
that's everything you get in the box
thank you for watching my video please
subscribe above and comment below I will
put up another video as soon as I can of
some ghost recon gameplay thanks for
watching